docs: hybrid search feature (#7573)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-vector-stores.md

For more information, see the [Astra DB Serverless documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/embedding-generation.html).

### Hybrid search

> The **Astra DB** component includes **hybrid search** enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Astra DB** component includes **hybrid search**, which is enabled by default.
```

The component fields related to hybrid search are **Search Query**, **Lexical Terms**, and **Reranker**.

* **Search Query** finds results by vector similarity.
* **Lexical Terms** is a comma-separated list of keywords.
* **Reranker** is the re-ranker model used in the hybrid search.

> The default model is `nvidia/llama-3.2-nv.reranker`.

Reviewer 2: I believe that for now there is only one model.

> **Hybrid search** passes a vector similarity search and a lexical search to the [find and rerank Data API endpoint](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/document-methods/find-and-rerank.html), where a reranker combines and sorts the results based on the vector search's similarity to the lexical terms.

Reviewer 2: Is hybrid search bolded for a reason? Is it a label in the langflow UI?

> **Hybrid search** passes a vector similarity search and a lexical search to the [find and rerank Data API endpoint](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/document-methods/find-and-rerank.html), where a reranker combines and sorts the results based on the vector search's similarity to the lexical terms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/hybrid-search.html[**Hybrid search**] performs a vector similarity search and a lexical search, compares the results of both searches, and then returns the most relevant results overall.
```

You can update the link because the hybrid-search page will link to the specific command.

To use **Hybrid search** in the **Astra DB** component, do the following:

> 1. Click **New Flow** > **RAG** > **Hybrid Search**.

Reviewer 3: This is extremely minor but I believe it’s labeled as “Hybrid Search RAG”?

> 1. Click **New Flow** > **RAG** > **Hybrid Search**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **New Flow** > **RAG** > **Hybrid Search RAG**.
```

> 1. To create a **Hybrid Search** template flow, click **New Flow** > **RAG** > **Hybrid Search**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **New Flow** > **RAG** > **Hybrid Search**.
```

2. In the **OpenAI** model component, add your **OpenAI API key**.
3. In the **Astra DB** vector store component, add your **Astra DB Application Token**.
4. In the **Database** field, select your database.

> 5. In the **Collection** field, select the collection you want to search.

Reviewer 2: The collection has to be configured for hybrid search at the time that you create the collection. A preexisting collection wont work.

Also, the documents in the collection must have the necessary values to work with hybrid search.

Is langflow/open AI handling this for the user somehow?

> Your collection must be configured for hybrid search at the time that you create the collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must enable support for hybrid search when you create the collection.
```

> Your query is sent to two components: an **OpenAI** model component, and the **Astra DB** vector database component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your query is sent to two components: an **OpenAI** model component and the **Astra DB** vector database component.
```

The **OpenAI** component contains a prompt for creating the lexical query from your input:
```text

> You are a database query planner that takes a user requests, and converts to a search against the subject matter in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are a database query planner that takes a user's requests, and then converts to a search against the subject matter in question.
```

You should convert the query into:
1. A list of keywords to use against a Lucene text analyzer index, no more than 4. Strictly unigrams.
2. A question to use as the basis for a QA embedding engine.
Avoid common keywords associated with the user's subject matter.
```
7. To view the keywords and questions the **OpenAI** component generates from your collection, in the **OpenAI** component, click <Icon name="TextSearch" aria-label="Inspect icon" />.
```
1. Keywords: features, data, attributes, characteristics
2. Question: What characteristics can be identified in my data?
```
8. To view the [DataFrame](/concepts-objects#dataframe-object) generated from the **OpenAI** component's response, in the **Structured Output** component, click <Icon name="TextSearch" aria-label="Inspect icon" />.

> The DataFrame is passed to a **Parser** component, which parses the the contents of the **Keywords** column into a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataFrame is passed to a **Parser** component, which parses the contents of the **Keywords** column into a string.
```

The DataFrame is passed to a **Parser** component, which parses the contents of the **Keywords** column into a string.

    This string of comma-separated words is passed to the **Lexical Terms** port of the **Astra DB** component.

>     Note that the **Search Query** port of the Astra DB port is connected to the **Chat Input** component from step 6.

Reviewer 3: Should port be “portion” here?

> This **Search Query** is vectorized, and both the **Search Query** and **Lexical Terms** content are sent to the reranker at the `find_and_rerank` endpoint.

Reviewer: These lines need to be indented so that they fall under the step.

> 9. The reranker compares the vector search results against the list of terms from the lexical search.

Reviewer: This isn't a step that the user has to complete so it should not be a numbered step.

The highest-ranked results of your hybrid search are returned to the **Playground**.

> For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/document-methods/find-and-rerank.html).

Reviewer 2: The steps above talk more about the Open AI component than hybrid search/find-and-rerank command. I am not sure this link will be munch help if they have questions about the component. 

If you want to direct them to information about what happens during a hybrid search and how the reranking is calculated, link to the hybrid-search.html page I referenced in a previous comment.

Reviewer 4: This is from me sharing the link with Mendon when we weren't sure about the timing of the general conceptual article. Agree we can update to:
```suggestion
For more information, see the [DataStax documentation](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/hybrid-search.html).
```
